Yeah. I mean, we've locked down.
There's not so much new I can be doing so recently I had this,
um, at a wake up one day and I was just like, Oh,
I should get back into fake go. No.
No, I saw you taking a and I was just like, no, no, no, no. It's,
it's like watching, it's like watching a friend start a new drug.
You know what I mean? It's like, no, please stop.
It's just seeing your mate like just relapse. And he's like, no, no,
you were 10 weeks ago.
Man. Come on. I mean, I'm kind of the same way. Like I, uh,
I did something that I haven't done in literal years,
which is by an arrogance, like a Japanese name.
Ooh. I am brand new.
Came out arrogant. So, because I was in our Calibre a while back,
um, doing some shopping for a video and uh,
and I was walking parceling Mellon books, which is like, you know,
where they sold a little like Dogen's and stuff and out the front. Okay.
So basically say out the front,
they have like a bunch of signs for like new games that come out. Right.
And every now and then they'll also show some signs for like arrogance.
All right. Cause that's where they sell it.
And there was one where I was just like, that actually looks really cool.
Like I didn't actually know it was an arrogant.
I thought it was like a standard JPG or whatever, but I was like,
that actually kind of looks cool. So I looked it up,
found out it's an arrogance by Alice soft. And I was like, wow, Alice soft,
actually just like click baited me into thinking that this was like a legitimate
JL Fiji when it's just.
With J LPG elements in it. So I was like, all right, you know what? I'll buy it.
I'll buy it. It's locked down. I can't really go out anywhere. And I haven't.
And played an arrogance so many years. it. I'll do it. Played it. And uh,
that's kind of all I've been doing for the past three days.
Really trying to give context to Connor about what Alice soft has done. Yeah.
I don't know if there's.
Any games like that, of famous outside of Japan.
That also basically Ellis soft is like one of the oldest,
I guess like most well-known in the era gay womb. Um, there's like illusion,
like Alice soft, um, what? A leaf, a leaf.
Yeah. You train them and poke them. Uh, you know,
Maple's another maker. Favorite Pokemon card. Maple lumber sugar is another one.
There's like.
Basically it's like, it's, it's.
Basically just like an OJI, uh, arrogant developer.
And they came up with a new game that looks completely different to anything
that they've done. So I played a few like Ellis soft games back in my shoe.
What the do you do?
American explained to me it's a visual novel visual novel with porn.
Jack. Awful. If it's good,
Connor's like, wait, how can you.
How's that work? So if it's good, you're like,
basically think of it as it's like perfectly halfway between jacking off to a
Dogan and jacking off to a hammer.
I can't imagine how the latter or the former feels.
So basically it's like jacking off to a [inaudible] but the audio from the
hand-tight play. Okay. Yeah. So there's voice acting and the sound effects.
So it's dubbed [inaudible] that can also be autoplayed. Yeah.
You're playing this story game and you might say you just beat one out and then
you just carry on. Yeah. Yeah.
I there for like 30 seconds after I'm done.
And I've just looked at discussed of what I've been testing.
Like I might I'm like, turn that off.
How well with all the milk ends while you've been watching, I am,
I will be discussed. The topic is right after it. You are in life,
like a heightened state of like, you're,
you're basically like a monk for 30 seconds where you're like,
I will never have sex ever. I'm like, turn the. You get post, not regret.
Oh, a hundred percent every time, every time.
And then I'm like a week with porn.
If I could abandoned porn, I would, you know what I mean? Like, yeah. I would,
if I, if every guy says,
if you could say you just never need to ever again, I'd be like, sure. Why not?
Well, let's try it. Let's see how it goes. I love the completed. No,
not the vendor. No, I've never attempted it. Well, it sounds like you'll,
you're wanting to attempt to right now does end up getting like a wet dream
eventually. Right? Like, that'll happen. Well, if you leave it for a month,
yeah. When was the last time you didn't check off for a month? I will never,
but that's because, but that's because I'm not going to.
Spew being like, I can live without point.
Like no, no, no. I want a one point. No, I want to, I want to live without it.
I don't want to be, I just find out this is,
this is the literally I don't want to be horny.
I want it like I've ever seen in real life.
I hate being distracted from what I'm trying to do. And just,
I look at that meme and I'm just like, I want both really.
I want to be horny and happy. So you just, you know, you just say you see this.
As like a distraction from your optimized.
Life. Optimized lifestyle is being ruined by this.
Oh my God.
I can never hear the word optimized after this podcast.
You're you're playing this game. You know, it's a game.
How are we going to game? It's reading, it's tricking you in a Jackal.
This Alyse soft one has like full on J RPG elements as well.
So you're like you're in the middle of a battle and you're trying to Jack off.
No, no, no, no. So the RPG elements. Okay. So think of it. Okay. This is,
I hate the fact that I'm using this as an example, think of persona.
Oh God, here we go.
Persona. The persona games are, in my opinion,
persona games are the perfect blend of visual novel and Jay
RPG where like they've somehow managed to make two like elements of two
completely different styles of games and mix it perfectly. Right. So in persona,
the J RPG elements are most often than not completely separated from the actual
visual novel elements. Right? In persona. Yeah. In persona.
Whereas visual novel of quake.
I dunno if I just fell small Jake, well, that's pretty this
persona personas persona, right? Like the,
you have the visual novel elements and then you have the J in between the yeah.
Yeah. So like, you know, you'd have like, you go through a dungeon or whatever,
and then, you know, once, once you complete that dungeon,
then it goes into the visual level as you call it. I mean,
I would argue that the GRPC elements fill up for you as well, but regardless.
Right. So, you know,
you have like the story elements and you have like the actual like gameplay
elements, right? Yeah. Whereas in this era gay, the,
the sex scenes time start to happen during only the visual novel elements.
Hmm. Okay. So, so the,
the vision of elements of the sex scenes and the gameplay stuff breaks up.
So like a standard Silicon.
Standard error,
like a standard irrigate that doesn't have JFE har it's basically just a visual
novel with sex scenes put into it. Yeah. Right.
So it kind of interferes with the story with this one.
It's just that separately. It has a J RPG portion as well.
You mean like you battle, like, what are you doing this? Like what?
I'm confused, what are you doing? What the else do you do in a J LPG?
So you're just, it's just a dead,
a normal J RPG game where you're going around battling monsters leveling off.
And then it cuts to like a visual novel.
Yeah. Who comes up with that?
I'm.
Looking at this on like on a slide. I can literally hear the gears,
like turning in his head and it's just not computing. It's just like, wait,
no, like they're not, they're not coming to Gemma. They're just stuck.
No, I was just like, this sounds to me, right?
This is the equivalent of being like, so it's a food tray that jacks you off.
It's like, I don't want those two things going near each other.
What are you talking about? Like those two elements, the JLP game,
and then just a visual novel with Paul in it.
I like just two elements that just shouldn't be involved at all. Why not? Why,
why would, why wouldn't you want it?
[Inaudible] don't look like.
Talking about it as if like there's the visual novel, like storytelling, pot,
and then there's the sexy.
Immediately. And then immediately there's a battle. That's not how it works.
What, how does it work?
It, it works as if like there's the storytelling element,
the visual novel element. And in the middle, there is a sexy.
So it's sandwiched between the visual novel elements.
Visual novel elements where they're telling a story and there's porn in the
middle. And then it just cuts to when it, when the dumb with the talking,
it just goes to a normal deadass game. Yeah. What,
why does this sound good to you? Am I insane? This sounds awful.
It sounds great.
Awesome. You just play devil's advocate.
I mean, I've, I,
I say this as someone who has also played Aero gaze before this there's
something, there's something about like hen Thai games and arrow gays,
where the sex scenes feel like this.
There's something different about feeling like you've earned it.
A percent, a hundred percent agree.
It is like you could have the most mediocre sex scene,
but you feel like you've earned that sentence.
And I'm also in this game because like,
you can unlock certain sex scenes depending on what you do in the JPG.
You'd like a person who watches a hand tie. I don't want an X-Box achievement.
I want to hand tight sheep. And you know what?
I'm a person who watches a hand-tight and skip straight to 15
or 20 minutes or not know. What's.
That's all for the story in hand tag.
But I don't want to sit there and read a book and then Jack off into the
book and then wipe the, come off my hand and go around my RPG world,
leveling up my character. Right. I don't want to deal with light. Look,
don't get me wrong. Like.
I'm just say, man, this is not the type of key for anybody. This isn't,
this isn't like. I completely understand that. The stuff I liked.
In hindsight is pretty. Yeah. This is like, you know what I said,
I don't eat where you. Right. This is like beating the. But you're sleeping.
Like, this is like, this is so. Like this shouldn't be a combination of thing.
Like only Japan would make something like this because it's just so stupidly
like, like this shouldn't exist. Just not sure. Like look at honeypot Paul.
That was, that was made by Americans. like honeypot by Connie Pope.
I enjoy honeypot because it's literally what I just made by
American. Because like, I, for example.
But Bejeweled or some wasn't that game. Like he was one of those, yeah,
it was like, it was like a puzzle game.
But I also gave him that a Jack off too. But then under, because the thing is,
the thing is it's like Jackie off to a jigsaw puzzle.
Being like, Oh, it's making porn. The.
Pieces of making a poem because the thing is, the thing is right.
You have this gameplay loop, right? You have this gameplay loop, but unlike you,
I need a reward for playing this game.
I don't Jack off to X-Box it's most of the time to X-Box achievements either.
Well, most of the time it has to be story most of the time.
That's why I play games. If I have a gameplay loop,
you can have the best gameplay loop of all time.
If there's no motivation for me to play it, then I'm just going to not play it.
I don't give a about most games that don't have a story. Cause it's like,
what's the, what am I, why am I playing this? Yeah.
There's there are so many games that I, yeah.
I agree again. I can totally agree with that, but why is that poem in it?
Because that's the reward you get for playing the game because I'm sorry.
You find feeling a little horny. Sometimes I just can't imagine holding.
Xbox controller and then just put it down, get the tissue box.
Like, say for example, like a game like frozen.
The degeneracy should not be reached. My first I gave him like dead cells.
Which I heard, which I, which I played and I played it for what, five minutes.
And I thought this was a really good game.
And then I got bored for five minutes. Cause I was like,
why am I playing this game?
There's no motivation for you to actually play through levels.
It's nice gameplay loop. Same with something like Celeste plus. Amazing.
This is an amazing game.
I went through one level when I got bored because I really couldn't care the
story. It's so good. But that's the thing.
If it had a reward for me to complete the level that I would have played through
it, then there needs to be some kind of work on is saying, is that
[inaudible] if every time like if every time I completed a level of Celeste,
there was a hint.
Or something like that. You literally just want like,
God wants to S to have like a beat a level. And then the porn hub music started.
That's what God wants.
Yes. I want that. Imagine you guys are too comfortable. Imagine,
imagine an IRO gay with something on the gameplay level of dead cells or
Celeste or something along those lines. Masterpiece. Mike,
I'm just imagining that right now. That would be, uh, that would be a mask.
That would be amazing because like, you know,
every time you finish a level of solace, you have such light yes. Like moments,
right? It's like, yes, I, I went through that.
I died hundreds and hundreds of times. And now here is my reward.
Hell yet? That is going to be the best Jack off. You'll ever have to,
to saying, make Celeste porn.
[inaudible] we don't want to loot the character.
That's not what we're talking about.
If we had a gameplay loop of something like Celeste or something on that level,
and then we had, we had it. Hence my God,
that is improving upon perfection. You people have not,
how has crowdfund this? I'm making these, I am making this.
I am going to fund some money right now. Some money I will make it happen.
It's animals.
Like you have the reason why we have like Minecraft sex scenes.
Like this is the prop you guys would want to put porn and everything.
Have you seen the Minecraft porn on YouTube at all? Some of us kind of.
Joey.
She's a level in sorry. Even the levels in mind,
Joe finishes getting some diamonds in Minecraft.
Just swapped over to the next tab and start playing Minecraft.
Oh dude. Do you know how hard it is to get diamonds in Minecraft?
That's like a great.
Oh it's.
I can say that publicly because I know I'm not the only one who genuinely thinks
that the fact that Minecraft point even exists means that I.
Am not. You're saying you like Minecraft porn. No.
I'm not saying I have a problem with it. No, I mean, I don't care what this is.
It's like a kid's game.
I've uh, this, this podcast has been a weird.
One. I just think it's sad, right?
That there are kids out there who legitimately like, are curious about porn.
And the first thing they think is my two loves Stephen Minecraft.
I would like to see if they did that to him because it's only kids watching
these things. Right? Cause now we're talking Jack often, Steve,
Steve blocks something. You know what I mean? No, Jerry, come on,
come on. I'm not saying I, but I think, I think.
You underestimate some like adults willpower. Okay.
I have jacked off to Minecraft. No, no.
I've this is the first I've ever heard of Minecraft porn on this.
You've never seen it. I've never seen it. Describe it to me please. I mean,
we just kind of have to show you this. You need to describe it to me.
In like four or five years ago. Come on.
Wishing she'd been made the video about it,
but there was actually like so much like full on traditional pornos.
Cause I've made in Minecraft.
You first mentioned that. I thought, okay, we're just being sarcastic.
There's like, uh, what's his name? Captain sparkles. Right? The one,
it was like Minecraft animations. Yeah. Basically imagine that.
But it would literally be like a porno situation where it was like,
someone would be like, Oh.
It's like a high quality, like Minecraft
[inaudible] that was like, Steve, like Rams, please say, sorry. No, no, no.
Like Steve, like a creeper or something or something. And the creeper is like.
All right. Yeah. This is legit. This is actually, we will show you.
This is the path.
Hold back. Right?
If you let your creative juices run wild on projects like Joey wants to do with
all of the. This is what happens. And we don't need this.
We don't need this. I don't know.
No don't get me wrong. We don't need it. No, that's the thing. Right?
People want it? No, no, no.
It doesn't matter what people want people there to sell for what they want.
I don't know if it's worth, I don't know if it's worse.
What I just imagined in my mind from you describing it or actually watching the
actual thing. We'll show you afterwards. And I don't know.
Maybe just we can add a clip of like gut reaction.
When we're done with the episode. We'll leave the cameras rolling.
Yeah. Just like this is a post, right? It's literally like.
It can only be kids watching it. Yeah. Right.
So disturbing that it's just funny.
Well, I mean, it's funny to us, but obviously I'm sure.
I'm sure the kid watching is pretty good.
Have we reached that age?
Is this what our parents felt when they walked in and saw us like Jackie and elf
to animated? How is this how they felt now? I mean,
I'll never forget the look. My parents gave me. Whoa, wait.
You've never had like your parents like walking on you Jack.
No, I've hit it very well if they have really again, I remember that.
That was my staff's wood Creek.
Oh yeah. That's right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Your parents walked in on you with my dad walked in on me once.
How big was the screen?
I was like this tiny meant jacket off on like a game boy yesterday.
It wasn't, it wasn't like, you know, like my old,
like desktop computer with like, I think it was like a 16 inch.
I had a black and white TV. Oh really? Yeah. I was like,
I got a black and white. It's like a hand me down and it couldn't fly like via.
Yeah, it was awful. So I couldn't couldn't put porn on that.